docs/blocks.md, before:

# blocks Module


<br />

## \<mastodon-account\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `id` <br />
> `username` <br />
> `acct` <br />
> `displayName` <br />
> `locked` <br />
> `createdAt` <br />
> `followersCount` <br />
> `followingCount` <br />
> `statusesCount` <br />
> `note` <br />
> `url` <br />
> `avatar` <br />
> `avatarStatic` <br />
> `header` <br />
> `headerStatic` <br />
> `emojis` <br />
> `moved` <br />
> `fields` <br />
> `bot` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-emoji\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `shortcode` <br />
> `staticURL` <br />
> `url` <br />
> `visibleInPicker` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-field\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `name` <br />
> `value` <br />
> `verifiedAt` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-pagination-object\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `objectCollection` <br />
> `prevURL` <br />
> `prevPage` <br />
> `nextURL` <br />
> `nextPage` <br />
> `http-call` <br />
> `generate-fn` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-relationship\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `id` <br />
> `following` <br />
> `followedBy` <br />
> `blocking` <br />
> `muting` <br />
> `mutingNotifications` <br />
> `requested` <br />
> `domainBlocking` <br />
> `showingReblogs` <br />
> `endorsed` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-acct
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-avatar
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-avatar-static
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-bot
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-created-at
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-display-name
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-emojis
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-fields
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-followers-count
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-following-count
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-header
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-header-static
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-id
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-locked
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-moved
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-note
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-statuses-count
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-username
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-block-account
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `accountID` <br />

<br />

## masto-blocks-all
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#c5f015](https://placehold.it/15/c5f015/000000?text=+) `[limit]` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-shortcode
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-static-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-visible-in-picker
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-field-name
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-field-value
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-field-verified-at
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-field?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-page-next
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `page` <br />

<br />

## masto-page-objects
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-page-prev
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `page` <br />

<br />

## masto-page?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-blocking
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-domain-blocking
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-endorsed
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-followed-by
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-following
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-id
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-muting
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-muting-notifications
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-requested
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-showing-reblogs
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-unblock-account
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `accountID` <br />

<br />

Commit message:

Update the documentation, now that I've got things working, again.

docs/blocks.md, after:

# blocks Module


<br />

## \<mastodon-account\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `id` <br />
> `username` <br />
> `acct` <br />
> `displayName` <br />
> `locked` <br />
> `createdAt` <br />
> `followersCount` <br />
> `followingCount` <br />
> `statusesCount` <br />
> `note` <br />
> `url` <br />
> `avatar` <br />
> `avatarStatic` <br />
> `header` <br />
> `headerStatic` <br />
> `emojis` <br />
> `moved` <br />
> `fields` <br />
> `bot` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-emoji\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `shortcode` <br />
> `staticURL` <br />
> `url` <br />
> `visibleInPicker` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-field\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `name` <br />
> `value` <br />
> `verifiedAt` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-pagination-object\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `objectCollection` <br />
> `prevURL` <br />
> `prevPage` <br />
> `nextURL` <br />
> `nextPage` <br />
> `http-call` <br />
> `generate-fn` <br />

<br />

## \<mastodon-relationship\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `id` <br />
> `following` <br />
> `followedBy` <br />
> `blocking` <br />
> `muting` <br />
> `mutingNotifications` <br />
> `requested` <br />
> `domainBlocking` <br />
> `showingReblogs` <br />
> `endorsed` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-acct
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-avatar
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-avatar-static
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-bot
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-created-at
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-display-name
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-emojis
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-fields
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-followers-count
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-following-count
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-header
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-header-static
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-id
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-locked
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-moved
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-note
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-statuses-count
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account-username
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-account?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-block-account
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `accountID` <br />

<br />

## masto-blocks-all
#### Summary
Retrieve all blocks associated with the user tied to `mastoApp`.

If no `limit` value is provided, 40 is used.

A `[<mastodon-pagination-object>](#mastodon-pagination-object)` is returned,
consisting of the `[<mastodon-account>](#mastodon-account)`s that the user has
blocked.
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#c5f015](https://placehold.it/15/c5f015/000000?text=+) `[limit]` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-shortcode
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-static-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-visible-in-picker
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-field-name
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-field-value
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-field-verified-at
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-field?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-page-next
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `page` <br />

<br />

## masto-page-objects
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-page-prev
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `page` <br />

<br />

## masto-page?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-blocking
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-domain-blocking
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-endorsed
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-followed-by
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-following
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-id
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-muting
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-muting-notifications
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-requested
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship-showing-reblogs
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-relationship?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-unblock-account
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `mastoApp` <br />
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `accountID` <br />

<br />
