docs/emojis.md, before:

# emojis Module


<br />

## \<mastodon-emoji\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `shortcode` <br />
> `staticURL` <br />
> `url` <br />
> `visibleInPicker` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-shortcode
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-static-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-visible-in-picker
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-emojis-on-instance
#### Summary
Retrieve all emojis belonging to a particular instance.

`domainOrApp` can be the instance domain as a String or a
[\<mastodon-instance-application\>](auth.md#mastodon-instance-application)
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `domainOrApp` <br />

<br />

Commit message:

And finish up the proper documentation for this function.

docs/emojis.md, after:

# emojis Module


<br />

## \<mastodon-emoji\>
#### Summary
A record object that can be returned by an API call.
#### Record Fields
> `shortcode` <br />
> `staticURL` <br />
> `url` <br />
> `visibleInPicker` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-shortcode
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-static-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-url
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji-visible-in-picker
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `s` <br />

<br />

## masto-emoji?
#### Summary
#f
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `obj` <br />

<br />

## masto-emojis-on-instance
#### Summary
Retrieve all emojis belonging to a particular instance.

`domainOrApp` can be the instance domain as a String or a
[\<mastodon-instance-application\>](auth.md#mastodon-instance-application),
whose associated `domain` will be used instead.

Domains can include or lack the preceding "https://"; this function will add
one, if needed.

This function will return a list of [\<mastodon-emoji\>](#mastodon-emoji)s.

Documentation for this API call can be found [here](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/methods/instance/custom_emojis/).
#### Parameters
> ![#f03c15](https://placehold.it/15/f03c15/000000?text=+) `domainOrApp` <br />

<br />
